**`DO_PR_COMMENT`, `PR_COMMENT_ACTION`, `PR_COMMENT_EXTRA_OPTS`** - OPTIONAL *(PREVIEW)*    
If `DO_PR_COMMENT` is set to `true` (implied if any of the other two `PR_COMMENT_*` variables are set, and implies `DO_WAIT`), this action will generate a pull request comment listing new, re-introduced and removed issues using the fcli-provided [FoD `github-pr-comment`]({{var:fcli-doc-base-url}}fod-actions.html#_github_pr_comment) or [SSC `github-pr-comment`]({{var:fcli-doc-base-url}}ssc-actions.html#_github_pr_comment) action or, if specified, the custom fcli action specified through `PR_COMMENT_ACTION`. `PR_COMMENT_ACTION` may point to a local file or URL; this custom fcli action must support (at least) the exact same action parameters (including any environment variable based default values for those parameters) as the built-in fcli action. Any extra options for the fcli action can be passed through the `PR_COMMENT_EXTRA_OPTS` environment variable, for example to specify the SSC filter set from which to load issue data, or to allow an unsigned custom action to be used.

Note that pull request comments will only be generated under the following conditions:

* Standard `GITHUB_REF_NAME` environment variable points to a pull request, which is only the case on GitHub `pull_request` triggers and not for example `manual` triggers (even if the branch is associated with a current pull request).
* All other standard GitHub environment variables like `GITHUB_TOKEN`, `GITHUB_REPOSITORY` and `GITHUB_SHA` are set.

PR comments are generated by comparing scan results from the current GitHub Action run against the previous scan in the same application version/release; it won't detect any new/removed issues from older scans. For best results, you should configure your workflow as follows:

- For any branches for which you might want to generate PR comments, have the workflow trigger only on `pull_request` events. Note that you can have a single workflow that is triggered on both `push` events for your main branch, and only `pull_request` events for all other branches.
- Don't set `FOD_RELEASE` or `SSC_APPVERSION`, to use the default value that corresponds to repository and branch name.
- Set `DO_RELEASE_SETUP` to `true`, to allow a branch-specific application version/release to be automatically created.
- Include `--copy-from` option in `RELEASE_SETUP_EXTRA_OPTS` to copy state from the version/release that represents the PR target branch into the newly created application version/release.

With a setup like this, whenever a new PR is created, the GitHub Action will:
- Create a new application version/release named `<repository owner>/<repository name>:<branch name>`.
- Copy state from the application version/release identified by the `--copy-from` option to this new application version/release.
- Run a new scan of the branch associated with the current PR, and upload results to the application version/release created above.
- Generate a PR comment listing new and removed issues, based on comparing the results of the new scan that was run in the previous step against the scan results that were copied from the version/release identified by the `--copy-from` option.

If any subsequent updates are pushed to the PR and the workflow is also being triggered on PR update events, the GitHub Action will run a new scan of the branch associated with the PR, publish results to the existing branch-specific application version/release, and generate a new PR comment that shows any new/removed issues in the new scan compared to the previous scan for the same branch/PR.
