# Fortify GitHub Actions for internal use

The GitHub Actions under this folder are meant for internal use by other Fortify GitHub Actions only, not meant for public use. Even between minor versions, these actions may change significantly, potentially breaking any pipelines that use these actions directly.

These are mostly actions that need to be combined with other steps (as defined by the Fortify GitHub Actions that use these internal actions) to be of any use, just handling individual tasks as required by the calling action. This includes activities like running fcli login/logout commands, which have no use on their own, but need to be combined with other fcli commands.

Given that underlying tool version (like fcli version) must match between the various workflow steps, and command-line options passed to the underlying tool by these actions need to be compatible with the tool version installed by the calling action, these internal actions are not suitable for external use.

As an example, suppose a user workflow uses github-action/internal/fod-login@v1, effectively using v1.0.0 of this action. The calling workflow would be responsible for installing an fcli version that's compatible with the command-line options used by the fod-login action. Now, for v1.0.1 of the actions, we decide to use a different internal fcli version that requires us to change the fcli command-line options used by the fod-login action. Now, the login options used by the fod-login action are no longer compatible with the fcli version installed by the calling workflow, causing the action and thus workflow to fail.

Of course, the calling workflow could decide to install the action-default fcli version instead, which would ensure compatibility between the fcli version and any fcli command-line options used by these internal actions. However, the calling workflow would also contain direct fcli invocations (as otherwise it wouldn't make sense to run fcli login/logout commands through these actions), which again would potentially break if we decide to have the action-default version point to a different fcli version.